Updated documentation for AC (#2436)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/launcher/dlsdk_launcher_readme.md

# How to configure OpenVINO™ launcher

> OpenVINO™ launcher is one of the supported wrappers for easily launching models within Accuracy Checker tool. This launcher allows to execute models in the Intermediate Representation (IR) format.

Reviewer: not only IR
```suggestion
OpenVINO™ launcher is one of the supported wrappers for easily launching models within Accuracy Checker tool. This launcher uses OpenVINO™ Inference Engine as inference backend and accept for executing networks in OpenVINO™ supported formats.
```

Author: Done

    If you have several MYRIAD devices in your machine, you are able to provide specific device id in such way: `MYRIAD.<DEVICE_ID>` (e.g. `MYRIAD.1.2-ma2480`)

    It is possible to specify one or more devices via `-td, --target devices` command line argument. Target device will be selected from command line (in case when several devices provided, evaluations will be run one by one with all specified devices).
* `model` - path to xml file with model for your topology or compiled executable network.
* `weights` - path to bin file with weights for your topology (Optional, the argument can be omitted if bin file stored in the same directory with model xml or if you use compiled blob).
* `adapter` - approach how raw output will be converted to representation of dataset problem, some adapters can be specific to framework. You can find detailed instruction how to use adapters [here](../adapters/README.md).

**Note:**
   You can generate executable blob using [compile_tool](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_inference_engine_tools_compile_tool_README.html).
   Before evaluation executable blob, please make sure that selected device support it.

> launcher may optionally provide model parameters in source framework format which will be converted to Inference Engine IR using Model Optimizer.

Reviewer: why running with using MO conversion part is removed?
We still support this functionaity
